[Applause]
through his gaze over
I forgot it
oh yeah
yes the information counter is on the
Internet
[Music]
take care
except this making sure you're gonna be
the offense and Rob this fellow from a
weirdly beckon direct with them
oh the body every 39
sergeant Manny del Toro last name is
spelled de LT Oro and I was Sergeant
with the homicide unit the San Diego
Police Department yes earlier this
evening at 10:45 p.m. we started to
receive a radio call of shots fired in
the area here at 47th and Logan officers
arrived and found a african-american
male had been struck by several gunshot
wounds to the torso
was laying in the middle of the street
they gave him first aid however the
first aid efforts were unsuccessful
medics were called and the the male had
died in the street our preliminary
investigation reveals so far that there
were two males leaving a taco shop here
at 47th and Logan as they were crossing
the street going across Logan Avenue
just east of 47th Street
a red vehicle four doors stock with no
tint approached the males as they were
in the middle of the street some words
were exchanged were unknown what those
words are at this time and then four
shots were fired from a from a handgun
striking the male several times in the
torso
at this time we don't have the specific
make and model they did say it was a
four-door vehicle red in color and they
did describe it as a stock type vehicle
possibly a Nissan but unknown for
certain yes the deceased was 24 years
old he did have a companion who was 23
years old we're not putting out their
identity until their next of kin are
notified but they were both African and
african-american males leaving the taco
shop as they were gunned down by a
vehicle driving eastbound on Logan
Avenue there were one there was only one
person hit however he was in the company
of another male if it was it's unknown
if it was directed specifically at him
or if they were targeting both
individuals and they only hit one but
only one male was struck by the gunfire
we have varying accounts from that we
have one of them our witnesses said
there was one another one says there was
two it's uncertain at this time we're
doing everything we can to try to locate
that red vehicle right now unknown how
many times we know he was hit multiple
times and yeah the victim was struck
several times were unknown for certain
we don't we do know that he was hit more
than once we have found several shell
casings in the street at this time
yes so far we have located four shell
casings and we're searching for more
evidence there may have been more shots
but that's what our preliminary
investigation reveals at this time we
anticipate this street will be closed
for approximately two hours we're doing
everything we can to the body is in the
street so our first priority is going to
be to to take the deceased out of out of
the area of the public view and search
for evidence and continue the
investigation at that point